Lots of custom work eating up all of my
bandwidth, all my time. I didn't feel
like I was able to really like promote
it and scale it. The best way to
capitalize on AI and automation is to
use them in your own business, not
necessarily to sell that as your front
offer. The client I actually landed
through Dream 100 Outreach. The minute I
started delivering stuff for her, she
immediately reached out. She's like,
"You know what? I'm going to pay you
what you asked for. I'm just sending her
that I've generated with AI." Hey
there, Lucas Senate here, head of AI at
Client Ascension and co-founder of AIA
AAA. I'm here with Nick. Say hi, Nick.
>> Hey, what's going on?
>> Nick is the founder of Market Backwards,
a marketing company that now deals with
is it funnels and ads is your primary
offer right now.
>> That's correct. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, Nick's going along to talk a
little bit his experience in AIA and uh
he's been in CA for some time and then
uh recently joined the program. So,
Nick, why don't you talk a bit about
what you were doing before when you
first joined Client Ascension and kind
of what you're doing now. So before I
jumped into client ascension, I was
actually working for a marketing agency.
Funnily enough, kind of doing more or
less in the background what I'm doing
now. I was building automations,
building out infrastructure for a
marketing firm that ran webinars and and
sold funnels and things like that. So to
me, it seemed like a natural fit for me
to jump into doing like an AI and
automations agency. So when I jumped
into CA, that's essentially what I was
planning on doing. So, I had that at,
you know, around 5K a month. And it
turned out it was like lots of custom
work eating up all of my bandwidth, all
my time. You know, I'm not above that. I
don't know if it's an IQ thing or if
it's just specific knowledge thing, but
it was just kind of like eating me up
and I didn't feel like I was able to
really like promote it and scale it the
way I wanted to.
>> You were just talking about that before
we we started recording. the custom work
and stuff like that is like like one of
the things that everyone kind of falls
into kind of the the trap of doing
something we tried to solve with AIA is
to try and kind of you know productize
as much of the work as possible but like
what we were just saying about the kind
of people out there that are running
automations agencies now definitely with
that that's where it's easy you know to
end up doing everything absolutely
custom every single time and like you
said then you know one person's got the
time to do all that that stage then
you've got to start hiring and obviously
it's hard to find people who are experts
in automation and in AI and some of that
so it's a tough business model to get
started with for sure so yeah so then uh
You mentioned there that he started to
join AIA. What was the kind of reasoning
behind that?
>> Well, the reasoning that, you know,
Daniel spelled it out pretty clearly.
The best way to capitalize on AI and and
automation is to use them in your own
business, not necessarily to sell that
as your front offer. So, obviously, I
took too long to make a decision and
kind of like make that adjustment, but
once I did it, just things started
falling in place. It just felt way more
natural for me. And it's an offer that
that I find is is truly scalable. You
can use all the AI all the the systems
and processes that I was using in my
previous offer, previous business are
directly applicable to what I'm doing.
In fact, you know, they give me more
leverage now in what I'm doing than they
previously were. Since I joined AIA, you
know, put my offer together and
obviously I have all the support I need.
If I have any questions, I've got you,
I've got Evan, I've got anybody, you
know, I can reach out to like vet my
copywriting. But the clients just
started becoming more more clients that
I felt comfortable with and was able to
get good results for.
>> Yeah. You mentioned that like you
previously were working kind of the
marketing agency you were doing like
things like webinars and kind of a bit
of ads and funnels and that that sort of
stuff. How do you feel that that
experience then helped you like kind of
going into the funnels and ads offer
with AIA?
>> I mean it was a direct correlation. You
know I was familiar with the process of
setting up these funnels. I wasn't
running ads and I wasn't really dealing
with anything on the front end, you
know, the top of funnel, but all the
back end, the email flows and all the
automations that you know, CRM
automations and anything like that,
those are all things that were natural
to me. So, between the two, I just kind
of like put two and two together and
it's pretty natural fit.
>> Awesome. And then I know that you uh
recently signed a pretty big client. I
don't know how much information you want
to obviously talk about, but what was
the process kind of for signing that
client? How did that come about? So, the
client I actually landed through Dream
100 Outreach. You know, I saw she had a
big brand and and I put together a VSSL
script for her, sent it to her, told her
kind of the strategy behind it, how to
implement it, and you know, I think she
just saw a lot of value in that. I
sounded like I knew what I was talking
about. So, you know, I got her on a call
and we talked about it. We negotiated a
little bit. I pitched her, you know, an
8K setup fee with 5K a month ongoing. We
negotiated a little bit, ended up. So,
she actually negotiated me down to 6K.
She was like, "Well, I already have
infrastructure and she negotiated me
down to 6K." And I was like, "Fine,
let's just get it signed and get going."
And the minute I started delivering
stuff for her, she immediately reached
out. She's like, "You know what? I'm
going to pay you what you asked for.
This is like above and beyond and you
know, you're crushing it." So, she's
like, "I I need to keep you around. You
know, I need I need you to
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's it. That's
another thing we talk about as well is
kind of like you know the overd
delivering sort of thing as well which
is something that you know a lot of
agencies do the kind of opposite you
know the amount of times when I was
running an ecom email marketing agency
you know we'd uh talk to some clients
they're like oh we worked with some guys
you know for a few months and they set
up all our email flows and stuff and
they'd be like yeah they charge us like
24 grand and we'd be like okay and we
check what they made and they did like
four flows with like three emails in
each flow and we're just like Jesus you
know
>> I need charging more 24
>> exactly yeah I'm like crazy you know but
uh yeah that's kind of the whole thing
is like actually delivering like really
kind of solid service than overd
delivering. You know, that's how you
kind of retain clients and even that
client especially, you know, was very
happy to then pay you kind of what you
initially asked. So, that's fantastic.
And what have you been doing actually
like in the weeds setting up for her,
you know, as part of the the offer,
>> ad scripting, video scripting for the
ads, static creatives, VSSL scripting. I
built out the funnel for her, which, you
know, I just I literally hired a guy
that you sent me to or sent my way and
uh he did a great job and, you know, got
a a good funnel for her
>> at the uh the Click Funnels guy, the guy
that said over. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> He's great. He's really good.
>> I like him. And I noticed a bottleneck
in her business model. I figured there's
got to be a better way to do it. She was
basically selling challenge tickets
through a webinar, which seems like
extra steps that she didn't need in
there. So, I basically just streamlined
that, did a direct to sales page funnel
for her. You know, she's she's super
happy with it. Relieves her time. She
doesn't have to spend as much time on
webinars and it's able to get her
profitable on the front end. Sorry, my
sitting here with my laptop on my lap
and my screen's jumping around. That's
all good. All good. That's fantastic
though. And uh the results been good so
far. How actually how long have you been
working with her now?
>> 3 months now. Yeah.
>> 3 months. Fantastic. And it's results
been going well for it.
>> Yeah. I mean, she's, like I said, she's
thrilled. She's currently in a challenge
right now. And just, you know, send her
an update and she's just over the moon
with the fact of the matter is I'm just
sending her that I've generated
with AI. It's all about you get out what
you put in, as you know, and um it's
quality stuff, but it doesn't take me
very long. I don't have to sit there and
like write an entire VSSL myself, nor do
I think I could. I'll get better and
better at that, but at this point, I'm
pretty heavily leaning on prompting, you
know.
>> I know that um you had a bit of
experience obviously in the automation
space coming in, so you kind of already
had an understanding of like some of the
tools and things like that, but how did
you find kind of when you joined AIA
getting used to using kind of the tools
and kind of some of the teachings that
we have in there? Like there's obviously
just the AI dashboard which you would
have seen for a while already as a CA
member and then there was the new thing
was kind of the NAD workflows and that
sort of stuff too. like how did you find
kind of getting those set up?
>> Yeah, I mean you've made it all very
streamlined. You know, one the AI
dashboard is beautiful. That thing is
just worth the tuition in itself. And
then the N8 workflows are fantastic, you
know, and you can just customize them to
do what you want to do. You know, every
use case is going to be different. So,
you do have to do some customization,
but they're all pretty laid out for you
and very modular. So, you can just grab
the trigger, add a different trigger,
set it up a different way, change the
prompts, you know, however you want. You
mentioned that obviously we've got our
funnels coach Evan Sichch and so I
assume you would have kind of spent a
lot of time talking to him. How have you
found kind of his guidance in this stuff
so far?
>> Evan's obviously a powerhouse. His calls
are gold. You don't want to miss those.
And he's very forthcoming with
information. There's like no
gatekeeping, you know, which is
something that I think surprised me.
Maybe I'm naive in that, but I kind of
expected somebody to like be protective
of what they've built, but it's honestly
there's like zero gatekeeping when it
comes to any of the coaches and CA. I
love that. Yeah, I think that's one of
the things that a lot of us kind of
adopted especially from like you know
Alexi like he kind of always gave away
kind of all the info and I think it's
because we know that like the dedicated
students like yourself are going to
implement that sort of stuff but there
is going to be a lot there that are just
either it's not going to be applicable
to them or they just won't apply it you
know so you're not really too worried
about kind of creating competition
because it takes it's rare for students
like yourself to come along that are
really going to go all in on it and kind
of apply it properly. But yeah, I I mean
that's kind of something that I think we
always kind of appreciate at CA is just
giving as much value as as possible and
kind of giving away all kind of the
information that we have and like
there's not a lot of information as well
that I think that is I pretty much most
people can kind of figure this stuff out
or they'll eventually will kind of like
the information will be public
eventually, you know. So like the ideas
think in CA is that you're just going to
get like all the coaches are really
ahead of the curve what kind of the
newest sort of stuff is. I know for
instance myself personally I'm
constantly trying new AI stuff and the
only problem I ever have is like if I
teach this or introduce this is it going
to distract people from what they should
be doing.
>> That's a valid thing because it moves so
quickly at this stage that it's pretty
easy to get overwhelmed you know like do
I need to be doing such and such thing.
I would say just stick to the
fundamentals and if you have to do
something manually just freaking do it
manually.
>> Exactly. Yeah. So like that's something
that like recently the uh I've been
diving into agentic workflows and like
kind of these kind of new way of
building agents and stuff and I am going
to do a whole course on it but I want to
make sure that kind of everyone that's
coming through is kind of you know happy
with everything currently the current
setup and they've learned also they need
to know you know before I kind of
distract them by anything extra to be
like you know maybe you should doing
this instead. So
>> your calls as well in particular, I get
a lot of value from just gems. You know,
I'll notice either a new technology or a
new workflow or a new way to implement a
trigger or something like that that just
sparks some sort of inspiration and just
sets you on a new path. It's great.
That's what I really aim to do, you
know, because like as much as we want to
prepackage this stuff and make it as
easy to pick up and do and learn as
possible, I also want to give everyone
the kind of the tools and the skills to
figure this stuff out themselves too,
you know, like that's why in AI and now
there's two like there's two NAND
courses. The first one is one that'll
like everyone has to watch this one.
That's the enough to be dangerous where
you'll need to know this in order to get
the workflows up and running. But I've
got another more detailed one that's
kind of like right here's how this all
works like right from beginning to end
and if you want to build your own stuff,
here's how to do that. Now, not
everyone's going to watch that one, but
I want everyone to have the ability to,
you know, like if they find themselves
going, "Oh, I actually really like this
and this is very helpful on you, but I
want to make this one." You can go
through and watch that and learn how to
do that stuff, too.
>> Yeah. Like for example, the vector store
thing. That was just a a paradigm shift
for me. That's fantastic. I love that.
>> Yeah, 100%. Like that's something that
like not everyone is going to need, you
know? So, like I didn't want to include
it in the main course, but like later on
I was like, "Right, this is now as I was
talking to you guys and some of you were
getting very advanced with it. You with
your previous experience as well, you
were kind of moving a little bit further
ahead. I was like, "Right, well, this is
something that, you know, obviously that
will be useful." also kind of go into
stuff on that. Yeah, like it's
definitely kind of a slight a slightly
more advanced kind of AI tool, the
vector stores and stuff, but I think
they're wildly useful and I've really
kind of enjoyed messing around with
them. But um how long have you been in
AIA now? Is it is it 3 months as well?
>> Yeah, 3 months I believe I joined in
September if I'm not mistaken. Sorry, I
don't have the date, but it's I think
like late September.
>> Awesome. Yeah. And overall, what would
you say was kind of like when you
decided to join considering you were
already in the main kind of CA program,
what was the real kind of driver behind
getting you to sign up?
>> Okay. one and this isn't a specific
answer but it kind of speaks to the
whole quality level in general is like I
just know that uh CA and the whole team
behind it Daniel Andre yourself my coach
Andy Andy's worth his weight and gold
you know I just knew that there's
quality behind it and everything about
it made sense you know I just knew that
um leveraging AI for fulfillment was
really the way to go and I just wanted
to be a part of it you know it's it's
kind of as simple as that
>> awesome yeah and you mentioned there
your coach Andy, your student success
coach. How has he like kind of helped
you along your overall CA journey?
What's kind of the main thing you talk
to Andy about or you do with Andy?
>> One, he's got the patience of a saint.
I've done quite a bit of foot dragging
along the way to be honest with you. Not
intentionally, but just sort of over I'm
kind of a chronic overinker. And when I
was trying to figure out my first offer
and like pivot from another offer, I
jumped on one of my first calls with
Daniel early on. And it's funny because
I told him I was working for that
company. I told him about the offer that
I was thinking about doing. He goes, he
was just like, "Don't do that. That's
stupid." He goes, "Just sell webinars.
Just sell funnels." And I was, I was
just kind of like, "Maybe I should do
CRO. Maybe I should do this or that."
It's so funny that like I've come around
full circle, but it took me way longer
than I'd like to admit to come to that
realization.
>> Yeah. Know, some you just need someone
like that just to like I always say like
when I first joined CA as a student, Dan
shouted my offer at me. Like I got on a
call with Dan and I was like, you know,
well, I've done this, this, and this and
I'm thinking of doing this. And he was
just like, "You sell landing pages and
BSLs. That's all you do." I was like,
"All right, cool." you know, like and
like now he's got a very direct style,
you know, like he's exactly like the
YouTube channel as well, you know, like
that doesn't change on the the calls,
>> but it is kind of tough love. It's not
like he he's not being a dick. He's like
really just giving you value and I love
that. But I mean, you asked me a
question about Andy. Andy has been
obviously encouraging and supportive and
like helpful and and everything, but
like strategically, he keeps you in
line. He keeps you like honest and he he
keeps you moving in the right direction.
Okay, what have you been working on? Let
him know what you've been working on.
and he says, "Okay, now you need to just
double down on that or you need to pivot
to this or you need to stick to that,
you know, and he's always present."
Yeah, Andyy's Andy's fantastic, which
I'm sure is the same for any coach in
the program. But
>> yeah, no, that's that's great. And I
believe Andy worked with the Sences a
little bit and kind of coordinate with
them. And I believe they do something
called a business health audit. I'm sure
Andy's done those with you. What are
those like? What kind of pro is the
process for those?
>> A little bit painful because it's like
looking in a mirror and not liking what
you see. Unfortunately, that was the
case for me for a good while. And that's
that's just because I was waffling
around trying to figure out what I
wanted to sell or what was going to
really work for me, you know. But yeah,
I mean, he just dive into numbers. He
he'll ask you like, "What have you
done?" It's a very structured process,
right? There's a spreadsheet that has
all your numbers in it, what outreach
have you done, what kind of responses
you're getting, and uh you know, based
on that, it's just a health audit.
>> Awesome. And then like I assume then
designed to give recommendations then
after that based on the numbers and
things like that.
>> 100%. Yep. He will give you literally a
list of what you need to do over the
next couple weeks or months. It's broken
down and it's 100% customtailored.
There's nothing cookie cutter about it.
He's, you know, reading your experience,
your strengths and weaknesses and
telling you, hey, this is what you need
to do.
>> Fantastic. And, uh, I suppose the other
question would be like what are the
other kind of elements of the program so
far that you've enjoyed the most or like
what's kind of the things that have been
>> the community, man. The community is
incredibly valuable. You can ask a
question in any of the, you know,
numerous channels and either a coach is
responding to you pretty quickly.
There's some other students in the
program that are just light years beyond
where I'm at. So, the amount of value I
can get from them is, you know, can't be
said enough about.
>> Yeah. And I think that's a very good
point there. We've got a lot of students
in there who are, you know, quite far
ahead off the top of my head. You've got
obviously Evan was a student, now he's a
coach. You've got Aean, Max Divons, like
these guys that have all kind of crushed
it. And like the main thing I always
find about them is how willing they all
are to kind of share that information
and the sauce, you know, kind of the
stuff they did to to get there. There's
you said like the coaches gatekeeping,
but I even find among the students and
uh you know, the community members,
everyone seems very happy to help out.
I'm kind of glad we've kind of promoted
that sort of kind of ethos throughout
the the community.
>> I've never really been in a community
like it. I've told my coach this and my
yearly subscription is going to come to
an end and it's just, you know, there's
no question in my mind whether or not I
need to be in CA. It's just too
valuable.
>> Fantastic, man. Thank you very much for
hopping on, man. Really appreciate it.
Why don't you give a quick shout out of
like your your website or your socials
or anything like that and we'll put them
in the description below as well.
>> Yeah, thanks. Marketback.com doing ads
and funnels for info and coaches and
consultants, but I'm definitely going to
be signing on a little bit more obscure
niches as we've been talking about in
the group lately. Got some stuff coming
through with private practice and some
home services.
>> Fantastic. Really good man. That's
great to hear. That's it. Please check
out go to uh clientcension.ai AI for
more information. If you want to hear
more from me, subscribe to my newsletter
at appliedleverage.io. And see you in
the next one. Peace everyone.
>> My pleasure.